origin: Michael D. Adams, 20th March 2006, and Samuel Audet, 12th October 2005.
bug report: if the server has multiple IP addresses, one IP may be used for the
tunnel connection and another IP for the routing changes.
workaround: use IP address only.

origin: James Cameron, 2nd September 2004, if password contains spaces, and is
changed, the old password is not removed from the secrets file.

use the interface name option to name the interface pptp0

probe the options that pppd accepts, remember the md5sum of pppd, and don't
probe again unless the md5sum changed.  support jan's mppc pppd, and 2.4.1, and
2.4.2.  add passprompt support.

make php-pcntl-devel debian package
(currently the php-pcntl package contains all necessary development files)

origin: chris wilson, 13th april 2004, check that there isn't a route
to the tunnel's peer via the tunnel device, using the iproute commands
chris wilson found, detect and prevent.

e.g. 
ip route add `ip route get 1.2.3.4 | head -1`
ip route del `ip route get 1.2.3.4 | head -1`

origin: jba and textastwister in irc, 11th march 2004
change the state of the item in the list view, or blink the update 
button, to indicate unsaved changes.  maybe even warn on start of 
unsaved tunnel.  or autoupdate on change, but cache the change and
flush it before a start/stop/quit/delete-window.

origin: Joona I Palaste <palaste@cc.helsinki.fi> 24th september 2003
bug report: if updetach is replaced with nodetach, and the tunnel
subsequently terminates, it may remain in initialising state and not
be restartable.

origin: jbwiv_home <jbwiv@devsea.com> 8th october 2003
feature request: move tunnels file into plain text and use one file per
tunnel.  support old tunnels file format.

origin: Han Pilmeyer, per 05 may added checking code yet to test.

origin: Doug Langille <doug.langille@nscc.ca> 29th May 2003
feature request: detect situation where a network route added covers
the remote ip address assigned by pppd to the tunnel.  pathological
situation that leads to a routing loop.

origin: james cameron 6th may 2003
feature request: support on demand tunnels intrinsically ... add
checkbox for option, and add routes as soon as the ppp interface is
created rather than after pppd exits.

origin: james cameron
problem: provide buttons or widgets for certain pptp command line,
e.g. --phone, --quirks, --timeout.

origin: james cameron
problem: program needs to be run as root (for access to
/etc/pptp-php-gtk, /etc/ppp/peers, /etc/ppp/chap-secrets, /var/run,
and pppd).  justify, or find alternative solutions.

origin: james cameron
feature request: if a tunnel is asked to be started, but another
tunnel is already running to the same ip address or server name, then
question or refuse the request (because we know it won't work).

origin: james cameron
problem: users may change form data then start
solution: prohibit start once data begins to be different?

origin: james cameron
problem: app does not detect a tunnel that is stopped by remote end,
gre ping loss, or failure to negotiate after pppd returns
success.
(find the pppd pid, periodically check it is present)

origin: james cameron
feature request: display gre stats from pptp gre stats mod by chris wilson.

origin: cnelson@einnovation.com 24th February 2003
problem: passwords not quoted properly
workaround: user add quotes themselves

origin: Han Pilmeyer and others
feature request: add an option to prompt for password rather than have
it coded into secrets file.  prompt just prior to starting pppd.
(use pppd password prompting plugin)

tunnel list
	click-column signal, sort by column number
	gtk_clist_set_sort_column
	gtk_clist_sort

on add or update
	when updating /etc files, show user what is to be done

log window design issue
	see code comments, in function start()
	design defect in php or php-gtk
		being looked into by Andrei Zmievski <andrei@gravitonic.com>
	prevents logging after connect, mandating updetach only
	(now fixed, but need to add logging after connect)
